one of the things that jumped out to me
to the book is how humbling the whole
experience was for you you know here you
are this man of immense power in our
country and in the world and you write
about this this Christmas list that you
made all of them put together every year
and this is from November 20th 2014 you
read I pulled out my diary and started
to write I did have one big item for my
own Christmas list that year but I was
keeping it to myself just home from
Nantucket I pray we have another year
together in 2015
whoa-oh-oh-oh even powerful men can come
to realize their limitations when it
comes to cancer well look I'll bet you
if asking the audience how many of you
have had a family member yourself
diagnosis cancer Wow so you know you
know and it's a it's a terrible disease
it uses every tool and the toolkit to
take you down and in the levels
everybody I mean it's uh and you know
our prayer was both of us the whole time
was you know that we'd have look it gets
down to as you all know it gets down to
days and weeks and months you're not
hoping for ever you're just trying to
get by the next the next thing and so we
both we both very much were hoping that
we get we get one more Christmas one
more holiday one more Thanksgiving and
but we knew things were getting tougher
he was getting harder for him he'd never
let it show the the radiation and the
chemo had taken had done some damage it
also done some good but also best damage
and so was just about it's all about
both the whole family tell us about the
rosary beads on your wrist well I
bow were these hunt got these four bow
and me and at Our Lady of Guadalupe down
in Mexico and and we and we all wore
them I'm I I'm a practicing Catholic bow
wasn't about Catholic as well and it was
more both of us found solace in the in
the in the elements of the church so
it's almost like meditation for us and
so I have not taken off
rosemary bow was wearing when he passed
since then but it's my connection with
him and I'm not trying to be I'm not
preaching I'm not talking about it's not
even about religion per se it's about
the connection and and it just always
makes me feel good i I know he's with me
touching it eventually on May 30th
Bantry and your journal read his follow
seven fifty-one pm it happened I
recorded in my diary right my god my boy
my beautiful boy did the two of you get
a chance to say goodbye yeah we did yep
yes we did we spent a lot of time and
and his children and his nieces and
nephews the whole family the whole
family was there and and we got a chance
to those you've been through it you know
it's a privilege to be able to just let
them know just let them know we were
right there fight you know all of us in
the in the hospital room for days and
days and days and just holding him but
look it's um he was the first one the
reason we said the book is titled
promise me dad I mean he was beau was
always worried about everybody else
and the promise beau made me make was he
looked at me said he'd say when he
wanted to make a point he'd say look at
me dead look at me said I'm gonna be
alright no matter what happens dad but
promise me promise me promise me you
will be what he meant by that he knew
we'd take care of the family but he
wanted to make sure that it would draw
from the things that animated my life my
whole life when you promised it in the
moment did you believe you could live up
to it I wasn't sure
I hope he's proud of me now I I think
that's why when I got out you know
instead of taking some very nice
generous offers to do things I decided I
wanted to continue to work on the things
I've always worked on you could have
made all that money well actually you
could finally make the money you know
but by the way we're doing fine compared
to what we've ever done before I hope
you got a good deal on this book no
actually from our perspective very
generous but you know I'm a professor at
Penn I have a foreign policy school
there I've domestic policy school at
Delaware Jill and I are keeping the
Cancer Foundation going the Biden cancer
initiative and we have beau was a great
protector and I really mean this
national a great protector of abused
children that was his passion
[Music]
[Applause]
list of projects on which the Biden's
are working but of course there is only
one project in which the world is
interested in whether you are working on
next and that is the 2020 race and we
will pick it up there when we come back
[Applause]
possibly future President Joe Biden and
Jill Biden are that's the question
[Applause]
yeah sure and I know Bo and hunter both
wanted you to run are you getting any
closer any getting any closer no look
the reason hunt said it best hunt
afterwards said dad if we run it will
give the family purpose we've always
been best under pressure dad and it will
give us something to focus and
concentrate on completely and that was
hunts rationale for why to go ahead and
bow did want us to run that's true but I
just you know you shouldn't run unless
you can look at all of you and give your
whole heart soul and say you have all my
attention and one of the things we
learned and you know Megan a lot of
people here know the second year is
usually tougher than the first year at
least that was my experience in the
first loss and so III knew we weren't
ready number one number two the best way
to say it and I give him my word as a
Biden if the Lord came down and sat here
and said look the nomination is yours if
you accept it now I would say no not now
why because I'm not ready I there's so
much more to do in terms of this
decision this book
finishing the ability to try to win back
the House of Representatives and then
we'll see and I become a great
respective fate I don't I you know it's
not be blunt I think I'm qualified to be
president but there's a lot of really
talented people out there in the
Democratic Party and it's just totally
well once I start so once I start to
name people but the most talent you saw
is there's this resurgence of so many
women and men going out for the first
time in
[Applause]
but does it lie with Maurey hooker no
they're a whole lot my way let me let me
put it this okay Jill let me ask you
would you be prepared for this for
another presidential run there have been
two that it didn't work out you know
perfectly in the family I always always
have felt that Joe would make a great
president
always
[Applause]
Hunter and Ashley and Hallie and I and I
and our grandkids I mean I think you
know we all we all feel the same way so
as joe said i mean he's a great believer
in fate and we don't know what tomorrow
will bring but we'll just see what
happens if the opportunity presents
itself i think you'd have one great man
here how do you think Melania Trump is
doing is our first lady I think she's
doing a great job
I really do she has toys she's
interested in a lot of things I mean
she's I know that she's trying to do a
lot with our military families which
means so much to me and Jo and so I
think she's doing a great job it's a
hard job you know and you got to have a
good poker face and she got that's
important like to be a political wife
sitting behind Barack to the State of
the Union when I knew exactly what it
was gonna say and I knew that speech and
I'd have to mana to make sure I got it
right
thank you both dr. Jill Biden thank you
for being here thanks mr. vice president
one more block together looking forward
to it
we'll be ready
hello today fans thanks for checking out
our YouTube channel subscribe by
clicking that button down there and
click on any of the videos over here to
watch the latest interviews show
highlights and digital exclusives